---
title: Schema Configurations
---

# Schema Configurations

Strawberry allows you to customise how the schema is generated by passing
configuration options as a dictionary.

To customise the schema, you can pass a configuration dictionary to the `config`
parameter, as shown in the example below:

```python
import strawberry


@strawberry.type
class Query:
    example_field: str


schema = strawberry.Schema(query=Query, config={"auto_camel_case": False})
```

In this case we are disabling the auto camel casing feature, so your output
schema will look like this:

```graphql
type Query {
  example_field: String!
}
```

<Note>

**Upgrading from v0.284.0 or earlier?** See the
[v0.285.0 breaking changes](../breaking-changes/0.285.0.md) for migration
instructions if you were using the old `StrawberryConfig` class syntax.

</Note>

## Available configurations

Here's a list of the available configurations:

### auto_camel_case

By default Strawberry will convert the field names to camel case, so a field
like `example_field` will be converted to `exampleField`. You can disable this
feature by setting `auto_camel_case` to `False`.

```python
schema = strawberry.Schema(query=Query, config={"auto_camel_case": False})
```

### default_resolver

By default Strawberry will use the `getattr` function as the default resolver.
You can customise this by setting the `default_resolver` configuration.

This can be useful in cases you want to allow returning a dictionary from a
resolver.

```python
import strawberry


def custom_resolver(obj, field):
    try:
        return obj[field]
    except (KeyError, TypeError):
        return getattr(obj, field)


@strawberry.type
class User:
    name: str


@strawberry.type
class Query:
    @strawberry.field
    def user(self, info) -> User:  # this won't type check, but will work at runtime
        return {"name": "Patrick"}


schema = strawberry.Schema(query=Query, config={"default_resolver": custom_resolver})
```

### relay_max_results

By default Strawberry's max limit for relay connections is 100. You can
customise this by setting the `relay_max_results` configuration.

```python
schema = strawberry.Schema(query=Query, config={"relay_max_results": 50})
```

### disable_field_suggestions

By default Strawberry will suggest fields when a field is not found in the
schema. You can disable this feature by setting `disable_field_suggestions` to
`True`.

```python
schema = strawberry.Schema(query=Query, config={"disable_field_suggestions": True})
```

### info_class

By default Strawberry will create an object of type `strawberry.Info` when the
user defines `info: Info` as a parameter to a type or query. You can change this
behaviour by setting `info_class` to a subclass of `strawberry.Info`.

This can be useful when you want to create a simpler interface for info- or
context-based properties, or if you wanted to attach additional properties to
the `Info` class.

```python
class CustomInfo(Info):
    @property
    def response_headers(self) -> Headers:
        return self.context["response"].headers


schema = strawberry.Schema(query=Query, config={"info_class": CustomInfo})
```

### enable_experimental_incremental_execution

<Note>

This is an experimental feature that requires `graphql-core>=3.3.0a9`. The API
and behavior may change in future releases.

</Note>

By default, Strawberry executes GraphQL queries synchronously and returns the
complete result. When you enable experimental incremental execution, Strawberry
adds support for the `@defer` and `@stream` directives, allowing parts of the
response to be delivered incrementally.

```python
schema = strawberry.Schema(
    query=Query, config={"enable_experimental_incremental_execution": True}
)
```

When enabled:

- The `@defer` directive becomes available for deferred field resolution
- The `@stream` directive becomes available for streaming list fields
- Fields returning `strawberry.Streamable[T]` can be streamed incrementally
- The schema uses `graphql.experimental_execute_incrementally` for execution

For more information on using these directives, see the
[Defer and Stream](./defer-and-stream) documentation.
